Add info metrics about redis#9031 (#1603)
redis/redis-doc: commands/info.md

*   `expired_time_cap_reached_count`: The count of times that active expiry cycles have stopped early
*   `expire_cycle_cpu_milliseconds`: The cumulative amount of time spend on active expiry cycles
*   `evicted_keys`: Number of evicted keys due to `maxmemory` limit

> *   `total_eviction_exceeded_time`:  Total time used memory is greater than `maxmemory`

Reviewer: I think everywhere in this doc it's referred to as ```used_memory``` and not used memory, to make it clear it's a specific value.

>      since server startup, unit is `ms`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     since server startup, in milliseconds
```

> *   `current_eviction_exceeded_time`: How much time currently used memory is greater than `maxmemory`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   `current_eviction_exceeded_time`: Duration currently used memory is greater than `maxmemory`,
```

>      if used memory is below `maxmemory`, this metric is reset to 0, unit is `ms`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     if used memory is below `maxmemory` this metric is reset to 0, in milliseocnds
```

> *   `current_eviction_exceeded_time`: Duration currently used memory is greater than `maxmemory`,
>      if used memory is below `maxmemory` this metric is reset to 0, in milliseconds

Reviewer: Maybe a slight rephrasing would be clearer and more concise?

```suggestion
*   `current_eviction_exceeded_time`: The number of milliseconds since used_memory was below maxmemory. 
```

Author: Should below -> above ?
You are native English speaker. Your description is better. My English is unskilled.

Reviewer 2: "since used_memory was below" == "since used_memory is above", so the @madolson's phrasing is good.

Author: I think "since used_memory is above" is more clear.

Reviewer 3: how about this then?
```suggestion
* `current_eviction_exceeded_time`: The number of milliseconds since `used_memory` grew above `maxmemory`.
```

Author: Good.

*   `expired_time_cap_reached_count`: The count of times that active expiry cycles have stopped early
*   `expire_cycle_cpu_milliseconds`: The cumulative amount of time spend on active expiry cycles
*   `evicted_keys`: Number of evicted keys due to `maxmemory` limit
*   `total_eviction_exceeded_time`:  Total time `used_memory` was greater than `maxmemory` since server startup, in milliseconds

> *   `current_eviction_exceeded_time`: The time passed since `used_memory` last grew above `maxmemory`, in milliseconds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*   `current_eviction_exceeded_time`: The time passed since `used_memory` last rose above `maxmemory`, in milliseconds
```
